# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

This project adheres to [Semantic
Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- `WheelFile.write` and `WheelFile.write_data` now have a new, keyword-only
  `resolve` argument, that substitutes the default `arcname` with the name of
  the file the path in `filename` points to. This is set to `True` by default
  now.

### Changed
- `WheelMeta` no longer prohibits reading metadata in versions other than v2.1.
  It uses `2.1` afterwards, and its still not changeable though.
- Since `WheelFile.write` and `WheelFile.write_data` methods have `resolve`
  argument set to `True` by default now, paths are no longer being put verbatim
  into the archive, only the filenames they point to. Set `resolve` to `False`
  to get the old behavior, the one exhibited by `ZipFile.write`.
- Parts of `WheelFile.__init__` have been refactored for parity between "named"
  and "unnamed" modes, i.e. it no longer raises different exceptions based on
  whether it is given a file, path to a directory, path to a file, or an io
  buffer.
- Wheels generated by `WheelFile` are now reproducible. The modification times
  written into the resulting archives using `.write(...)` no longer differ
  between builds consisting of the same, unchanged files - they are taken from
  the files itself.

### Fixed
- `WheelFile` no longer accepts arguments of types other than `Version` and
  `str` in its `version` argument, when an io buffer is given. `TypeError` is
  raised instead.

## [0.0.5] - 2021-05-12
### Fixed
- Added `ZipInfo38` requirement - v0.0.4 has been released without it by
  mistake.

## [0.0.4] - 2021-05-05
### Added
- `WheelFile.write` and `WheelFile.write_data` now accept a `recursive`
  keyword-only argument, which makes both of them recursively add the whole
  directory subtree, if the `filename` argument was pointing at one.

### Changed
- `WheelFile.write` and `WheelFile.write_data` are recursive by default.
- Backported support to python 3.6 (thanks,
  [e2thenegpii](https://github.com/e2thenegpii)!)

## [0.0.3] - 2021-03-28

Big thanks to [e2thenegpii](https://github.com/e2thenegpii) for their
contributions - both of the fixes below came from them.

### Changed
- Fixed an issue breaking causing long METADATA lines to be broken into
  multiple shorter lines
- Fixed the production of RECORD files to encode file hashes with base64
  per PEP 376

## [0.0.2] - 2021-01-24
### Added
- Read mode (`'r'`) now works.
- Added `write_data` and `writestr_data` methods to `WheelFile` class. Use
  these methods to write files to `.data/` directory of the wheel.
- Added `build_tag` and `language_tag`, `abi_tag`, and `platform_tag`
  parameters to `WheelFile.__init__`, with their respective properties.
- Tag attributes mentioned above can also be inferred from the filename of the
  specified file.
- Accessing the mode with which the wheelfile was opened is now possible using
  `mode` attribute.

### Changed
- Default tag set of `WheelData` class is now `['py3-none-any']`. Previously,
  universal tag (`"py2.py3-none-any"`) was used.
- Fixed issues with comparing `MetaData` objects that have empty descriptions.
  After parsing a metadata text with empty payload, the returned object has an
  empty string inside description, instead of `None`, which is used by
  `MetaData.__init__` to denote that no description was provided. This means
  that these two values are the effectively the same thing in this context.
  `MetaData.__eq__` now refelcts that.

## [0.0.1] - 2021-01-16
### Added
- First working version of the library.
- It's possible to create wheels from scratch.

[Unreleased]: https://github.com/mrmino/wheelfile/compare/v0.0.5...HEAD
[0.0.5]: https://github.com/mrmino/wheelfile/compare/v0.0.4...v0.0.5
[0.0.4]: https://github.com/mrmino/wheelfile/compare/v0.0.3...v0.0.4
[0.0.3]: https://github.com/mrmino/wheelfile/compare/v0.0.2...v0.0.3
[0.0.2]: https://github.com/mrmino/wheelfile/compare/v0.0.1...v0.0.2
[0.0.1]: https://github.com/mrmino/wheelfile/releases/tags/v0.0.1
